[bp-2.11] filters: Add a note about seed (#74874)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

    "{{ 60 | random(seed=inventory_hostname) }} * * * * root /script/from/cron"

.. note::

>   While using ``seed`` parameter, the resulting value can be different depending on the version of Python used on the Ansible controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use the ``seed`` parameter, you will get a different result with Python 3 and Python 2. This may break procedures such as password generation when you upgrade the version of Python used on your Ansible controller.
```

The shuffle filter returns a list whenever possible. If you use it with a non 'listable' item, the filter does nothing.

.. note::

>   While using ``seed`` parameter, the resulting value can be different depending on the version of Python used on the Ansible controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use the ``seed`` parameter, you will get a different result with Python 3 and Python 2. This may break procedures such as password generation when you upgrade the version of Python used on your Ansible controller.
```

    {{ 'secretpassword' | password_hash('sha512', 65534 | random(seed=inventory_hostname) | string) }}
    # => "$6$43927$lQxPKz2M2X.NWO.gK.t7phLwOKQMcSq72XxDZQ0XzYV6DlL1OD72h417aj16OnHTGxNzhftXJQBcjbunLEepM0"

.. note::

>   While using ``seed`` parameter, the resulting value can be different depending on the version of Python used on the Ansible controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use the ``seed`` parameter, you will get a different result with Python 3 and Python 2. This may break procedures such as password generation when you upgrade the version of Python used on your Ansible controller.
```
